README.md, before:

<!-- omit in toc -->
# UserScripts and UserStyles

- [SoundCloud Restore Playback](#soundcloud-restore-playback)
- [Spotify Player Compact](#spotify-player-compact)

# SoundCloud Restore Playback

Saves/restores playback position on SoundCloud.com

<!-- omit in toc -->
## Features

- Save playback position for each track with duration longer than 10 minutes
- Restore playback position on page load or track change, but not from last 30 seconds of the track

<!-- omit in toc -->
## Install

1. Install [Violentmonkey](https://violentmonkey.github.io/get-it/) browser extension
2. Click on [this link](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/crabvk/userscripts/master/soundcloud-restore-playback.user.js) (it'll open Violentmonkey)
3. Press "Confirm installation" in the right top corner

# Spotify Player Compact

[![Install directly with Stylus](https://img.shields.io/badge/Install%20directly%20with-Stylus-00adad.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/crabvk/userscripts/master/spotify-player-compact.user.css)

Makes spotify player single row and changes player buttons order

Before

![Spotify Player Compact (before)](screenshots/spotify-player-compact_before.png)

After

![Spotify Player Compact (after)](screenshots/spotify-player-compact_after.png)

<!-- omit in toc -->
## Install

1. Install [Stylus](https://github.com/openstyles/stylus) browser extension
2. Click on [this link](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/crabvk/userscripts/master/spotify-player-compact.user.css) (it'll open Stylus)
3. Press "Install style" button in the left top corner

Commit message:

Add Medium Disable Popover user script, restructure readme

README.md, after:

<!-- omit in toc -->
# UserScripts and UserStyles

- [SoundCloud Restore Playback](#soundcloud-restore-playback)
- [Medium Disable Popover](#medium-disable-popover)
- [Spotify Player Compact](#spotify-player-compact)
- [How to install user script](#how-to-install-user-script)
- [How to install user style](#how-to-install-user-style)

# SoundCloud Restore Playback

Saves/restores playback position on SoundCloud.com

<!-- omit in toc -->
## Features

- Save playback position for each track with duration longer than 10 minutes
- Restore playback position on page load or track change, but not from last 30 seconds of the track

# Medium Disable Popover

Disables popover (with highlight tool and tweet) for selected text on Medium

# Spotify Player Compact

[![Install directly with Stylus](https://img.shields.io/badge/Install%20directly%20with-Stylus-00adad.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/crabvk/userscripts/master/spotify-player-compact.user.css)

Makes spotify player single row and changes player buttons order

Before

![Spotify Player Compact (before)](screenshots/spotify-player-compact_before.png)

After

![Spotify Player Compact (after)](screenshots/spotify-player-compact_after.png)

# How to install user script

1. Install [Violentmonkey](https://violentmonkey.github.io/get-it/) browser extension
2. Open direct link for a script (for example https://raw.githubusercontent.com/crabvk/userscripts/master/soundcloud-restore-playback.user.js), it'll open Violentmonkey
3. Press "Confirm installation" in the right top corner

# How to install user style

1. Install [Stylus](https://github.com/openstyles/stylus) browser extension
2. Open direct link for a style (for example https://raw.githubusercontent.com/crabvk/userscripts/master/spotify-player-compact.user.css), it'll open Stylus
3. Press "Install style" button in the left top corner
